Service Now User Interface
Different roles in Service Now will experience different UI components.
	End User
	ITIL User (Fulfiller)
	System Administrator
                               Benefits of Service Now
	Hosted in the Cloud
	Easy upgrade
	Based on ITIL
	Customization Possibilities
	Data Confidentiality
	More Integration
	Improved Operational Tracking
	On demand of IT service Management
	Powerful Reporting Feature
 
                             Why is Service Now
1.	Reduction of ITSM costs by 80%
2.	Uses Technology as a tool not a barrier
3.	Process improvements with agility and low risk
4.	Don’t have to choose between upgrading configuring


                              How to use for Business Prospective
1.	Asset and Configuration: identify and monitor IT service assets and their relationships.

2.	Planned and Policy: define IT strategies’ and manage projects.

3.	IT Services: deliver IT services and support to business users.
4.	IT Operations Management: track and manage IT resources and systems.
5.	Non-IT Services: automate business process outside of IT

                       Who use Service Now
Employees
To request IT business services.
IT Support staff
To manage service requests, Incidents and problems
Administrators
To manage applications available to selected users, granting them roles and other access controls
Implementers
To deploy process applications and platform features that address an organization business needs
Developers
To create new functionality with scripts or custom applications to extend standard configuration
 
                           Who can learn Service Now
	There are no prerequisites to learn service now
	Although awareness of programming knowledge would be little helpful during the course
	Every API feature used, will be based on the service now platform

                                History of Service Now
	Service Now, Inc. is a cloud computing company headquartered in Santa Clara, California.
	It was founded in 2004 by Fred Luddy
	The previous CTO of software companies Peregrine Systems and Remedy Corporation.
	Service Now is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the Russell 1000 index
	This tool is based on the ITIL Standards

Features of Service Now

